# ART277-assignment-

1).explain in your on word the term git and GitHub
Ans)is a local vcs software that enables developers to save snapshots
Of their project overtime. It generally best for individuals use 
And GitHub is a web based platform that incorporate git version controls 
Feature so they can be used to collaborative 
It is also included project and team management features as well as opportunities for networking Andy social coding 

2).Explains the steps to down and install and configure git on your pc
Ans)1 open the git website 
2 clicks the download link to download git the should automatically start 
3 once download start the installation from your browser or your downloaded folder 
4 in the select component window leaves all the default options 
Click and click on any other additional components you want to install 
5 Next in choosing the default editor used by git you are familiar with 
Or notpad
6 in adjusting your paths environment 
It is recommended to keep using default 
Use Git from command lineup and also 3rd
Party software 

3) ans.In the upper-right corner of any page, use the  drop-down menu, and select New repository.
Drop-down with option to create a new repository
Optionally, to create a repository with the directory structure and files of an existing repository, use the Choose a template drop-down and select a template repository. You'll see template repositories that are owned by you and organizations you're a member of or that you've used before. For more information, see "Creating a repository from a template."
Template drop-down menu
Optionally, if you chose to use a template, to include the directory structure and files from all branches in the template, and not just the default branch, select Include all branches.
Include all branches checkbox
In the Owner drop-down, select the account you wish to create the repository on.
Owner drop-down menu
Type a name for your repository, and an optional description.
Create repository field
Choose a repository visibility. For more information, see "About repositories."
Radio buttons to select repository visibility
If you're not using a template, there are a number of optional items you can pre-populate your repository with. If you're importing an existing repository to GitHub, don't choose any of these options, as you may introduce a merge conflict. You can add or create new files using the user interface or choose to add new files using the command line later. For more information, see "Importing a Git repository using the command line," "Adding a file to a repository," and "Addressing merge conflicts."
You can create a README, which is a document describing your project. For more information, see "About READMEs."
You can create a .gitignore file, which is a set of ignore rules. For more information, see "Ignoring files."
You can choose to add a software license for your project. For more information, see "Licensing a repository."
Optionally, if the personal account or organization in which you're creating uses any GitHub Apps from GitHub Marketplace, select any apps you'd like to use in the repository.

List of your account's GitHub Apps from GitHub Marketplace and option to grant access
Click Create repository.
Button to create repository
At the bottom of the resulting Quick Setup page, under "Import 
4)
Ans)Explain the steps to pull and push from a local repository to a remote repository 
The git push command is used to upload local repository content to a remote repository.
 Pushing is how you transfer commits from your local repository to a remote repo. 
It's the counterpart to git fetch , but whereas fetching imports commits to local branches,
 pushing exports commits to remote branches.
5) in your own word explain the term pulled and push comamit 
Stage and breaching 
Ans) The Git Push command is used to upload local repository content to a remote repository. 
The git pull command is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository and immediately update the local repository to match that content.
In Git, a commit is a snapshot of your repo at a specific point in time. 
To stage a file is simply to prepare it finely for a commit. 
In Git, branches are a part of your everyday development process. Git branches are effectively a pointer to a snapshot of your changes.
